New Resource: `azurerm_kusto_cosmosdb_data_connection` (#22295)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kusto_cosmosdb_data_connection.html.markdown

---

* `mapping_rule_name` - (Optional) The name of an existing mapping rule to use when ingesting the retrieved data. Changing this forces a new Kusto Cosmos DB Connection to be created.

* `retrieval_start_date` - (Optional) If defined, the data connection retrieves Cosmos DB documents created or updated after the specified retrieval start date. Changing this forces a new Kusto Cosmos DB Connection to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Data Explorer.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Kusto / Cosmos Database Data Connection.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Kusto / Cosmos Database Data Connection.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Kusto / Cosmos Database Data Connection.

## Import

> Data Explorers can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kusto / Cosmos Database Data Connections can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```
